fluentd docs: fix broken link (#10640)
grafana/loki: clients/cmd/fluentd/README.md

[Fluentd](https://fluentd.org/) is a data collector for unified logging layer, it can be configured with the Loki output plugin, provided in this folder, to ship logs to Loki.

> See [docs/sources/fluentd/README.md](../../../docs/sources/send-data/fluentd/_index.md) for detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Fluentd documentation](../../../docs/sources/send-data/fluentd/_index.md) for detailed information.
```
